### Internet

> The Internet is a global network of computers connected to each other which communicate through a standardized set of protocols.



##### DNS

> The Domain Name System (DNS) is the phonebook of the Internet. Humans access information online through domain names, like nytimes.com or espn.com. Web browsers interact through Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. DNS translates domain names to IP addresses so browsers can load Internet resources.



##### Domain Name

> A domain name is a unique, easy-to-remember address used to access websites, such as ‘google.com’, and ‘facebook.com’. Users can connect to websites using domain names thanks to the DNS system.



##### Hosting

> Web hosting is an online service that allows you to publish your website files onto the internet. So, anyone who has access to the internet has access to your website.





##### HTTP

> HTTP is the `TCP/IP` based application layer communication protocol which standardizes how the client and server communicate with each other. It defines how the content is requested and transmitted across the internet.



##### Browsers

> A web browser is a software application that enables a user to access and display web pages or other online content through its graphical user interface.







#### QUIC

> QUIC（Quick UDP Internet Connection）是谷歌制定的一种基于UDP的低时延的互联网传输层协议。

特点：能处理更多的连接，安全性，和低延迟。

不足：可靠性比不上TCP。

> 通常游戏、流媒体以及VoIP等应用均采用UDP，而网页、邮件、远程登录等大部分的应用均采用TCP。